Update modify_kernel instructions to match latest kernel (#38)
microsoft/CBL-MarinerTutorials: docs/kernel/modify_kernel.md

## Tutorial: Modify the Image Kernel

In some situations, you may want to build and test variations of the default CBL-Mariner kernel.  Because the `kernel` is also a package, the process is similar to adding a new package as discussed in the previous section.  

### Prep your Kernel SPEC Environment
The following assumes you have already completed the [Prepare your Environment](docs/getting_started/prepare_environment.md) steps. To begin creating a custom kernel, copy the contents of the CBL-Mariner `kernel` spec folder into your clone of the `CBL-MarinerTutorials` repo.

```bash
#
# The following assumes CBL-Mariner and CBL-MarinerTutorials were cloned under a folder named `git`
#

# Copy all the kernel contents to CBL-MarinerTutorials
user@machine:~/git$ cp -r CBL-Mariner/SPECS/kernel/ CBL-MarinerTutorials/SPECS/kernel/
#
# ---or---
#
# Copy only the kernel building components to CBL-MarinerTutorials
user@machine:~/git$ rsync -a  --exclude 'CVE*' CBL-Mariner/SPECS/kernel CBL-MarinerTutorials/SPECS/ 
```

> Next, we will need to download a source tarball from [CBL-Mariner-Linux-Kernel](https://github.com/microsoft/CBL-Mariner-Linux-Kernel). We will choose the tag which matches the `kernel` version in the `kernel.spec` file.

Reviewer: Suggestion: replace "we" with "you" to keep consistent throughout.

```bash
# Switch to the kernel folder
$ cd CBL-MarinerTutorials/SPECS/kernel/ 

# Determine the kernel version you are using (yours may vary)
$ grep Version: kernel.spec
Version:        5.15.102.1

# Download the associated tar.gz file from https://github.com/microsoft/CBL-Mariner-Linux-Kernel. Be sure to substitute your Mariner version and kernel version numbers.
$ wget -O kernel-5.15.102.1.tar.gz https://github.com/microsoft/CBL-Mariner-Linux-Kernel/archive/refs/tags/rolling-lts/mariner-2/5.15.102.1.tar.gz
```

Update the signature for the source. **This only is needed if you are using a different version than the original spec file.**

```bash
# Get the hash for the source tar
SOURCEHASH=$(sha256sum kernel-5.15.102.1.tar.gz | awk '{print $1}')

# Update the hash for the source tar in the signatures file
sed -i 's/    "kernel-5.15.102.1.tar.gz": .*/    "kernel-5.15.102.1.tar.gz": "'"$SOURCEHASH"'"/' kernel.signatures.json
```

### Customize a Kernel

Now you can  make your modifications to the necessary config files.  

> * For AMD64, modify the `config` file.  

Reviewer 2: This really depends on view that you're reading from. Kernel community uses both. RPM documentation uses x86_64 when enumerating architectures. When talking out loud, usually easier to say AMD64 than x86_64.

My vote is `x86_64` since it matches the RPM enumeration, is company-agnostic, and avoids potential confusion with ARM64 when reading fast (which we could debate should be ARM64 or AARCH64 😄 ).

> * For AMD64, modify the `config` file.  

Reviewer 2: Auto-generated config also says `Linux/x86_64` https://github.com/microsoft/CBL-Mariner/blob/c02f10c620cbc2507139655c49fcd57a23a417db/SPECS/kernel/config#L3

> * For AMD64, modify the `config` file.  

Reviewer 3: > This really depends on view that you're reading from. Kernel community uses both. RPM documentation uses x86_64 when enumerating architectures. When talking out loud, usually easier to say AMD64 than x86_64.

I don't think the kernel uses both, in the kernel code AMD64 specifically applies to AMD models (with a few exceptions); the 64-bit x86 instruction set architecture is generically referred to as x86_64. However, it is true that everyone uses the terms interchangeably and will understand 'amd64' (used in a generic context) refers to x86_64. But technically, unless you are using a Debian-based distro (which specifically refers to the x86_64 arch as 'amd64' for historical reasons), x86_64 is the 'correct' term.

https://fedoraproject.org/wiki/Architectures
https://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Build_Service_supported_build_targets#Supported_processor_platforms
https://wiki.debian.org/SupportedArchitectures

> 
> My vote is `x86_64` since it matches the RPM enumeration, is company-agnostic, and avoids potential confusion with ARM64 when reading fast (which we could debate should be ARM64 or AARCH64 smile ).

aarch64 is the correct name for the architecture (though the kernel source - but not uname - does use arm64, as do Debian-based distros).

Here are all the kernel architecture names:

```
$ git grep -E '\s*UTS_MACHINE\s*:='
Makefile:UTS_MACHINE    := $(ARCH)
arch/arm64/Makefile:UTS_MACHINE := aarch64_be
arch/arm64/Makefile:UTS_MACHINE := aarch64
arch/loongarch/Makefile:UTS_MACHINE             := loongarch64
arch/mips/Makefile:UTS_MACHINE          := mips
arch/mips/Makefile:UTS_MACHINE          := mips64
arch/parisc/Makefile:UTS_MACHINE        := parisc64
arch/powerpc/Makefile:UTS_MACHINE := $(subst $(space),,$(machine-y))
arch/riscv/Makefile:    UTS_MACHINE := riscv64
arch/riscv/Makefile:    UTS_MACHINE := riscv32
arch/s390/Makefile:UTS_MACHINE  := s390x
arch/sh/Makefile:UTS_MACHINE            := sh
arch/sparc/Makefile:UTS_MACHINE    := sparc
arch/sparc/Makefile:UTS_MACHINE   := sparc64
arch/x86/Makefile:        UTS_MACHINE := i386
arch/x86/Makefile:        UTS_MACHINE := x86_64

```

* For AARCH64, modify the `config_aarch64` file.  

> At the time of writing this tutorial, the CONFIG_BLK_WBT setting is disabled by default. For this tutorial, we will enable it. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, the CONFIG_BLK_WBT setting is disabled by default. For this tutorial, you will enable it. 
```

```bash
sed -i 's/# CONFIG_BLK_WBT is not set/CONFIG_BLK_WBT=y/' config
```

After editing your config file, save it and update the signature.

```bash
# Get the hash for the config file
CONFIGHASH=$(sha256sum config | awk '{print $1}')

# Update the hash for the config in the signatures file
sed -i 's/    "config": .*/    "config": "'"$CONFIGHASH"'",/' kernel.signatures.json
```

> One last step before building.  When there is a conflict, the build system will make a best-effort attempt at prioritizing the local version of a package over the version on packages.microsoft.com.  However, to ensure we can differentiate our new custom kernel from the default kernel, and to guarantee the local version will be consumed, bump the release number in the kernel release spec. In this case, use your favorite editor and change the release number to 100 as shown below and save the file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When there is a conflict, the build system will make a best-effort attempt at prioritizing the local version of a package over the version on packages.microsoft.com.  However, to ensure you can differentiate the new custom kernel from the default kernel and to guarantee the local version will be consumed, bump the release number in the kernel release spec. In this case, use your favorite editor and change the release number to 100 as shown below and save the file.
```

Reviewer: Hyperlink to PMC

```

If successful, you will see a message like this:

```bash
INFO[2416] ---------------------------                  
INFO[2416] --------- Summary ---------                  
INFO[2416] ---------------------------                  
INFO[2416] Number of built SRPMs:             1         
INFO[2416] Number of prebuilt SRPMs:          2         
INFO[2416] Number of failed SRPMs:            0         
INFO[2416] Number of blocked SRPMs:           0         
INFO[2416] Number of unresolved dependencies: 0         
INFO[2416] Built SRPMs:                                 
INFO[2416] --> kernel-5.15.102.1-100.cm2.src.rpm   
```

You can also see the built RPM in `CBL-MarinerTutorials/out/RPMS/`. This RPM can be `scp`'d to a running image and installed via `sudo rpm -ihv kernel-5.15.102.1-100.cm2.rpm`.

### Build an Image with a Custom Kernel

We can also build an image with our new kernel. Note that even if we hadn't prebuilt the kernel in the previous steps, this step would also rebuild the kernel RPM.

```bash
# Enter the toolkit
cd CBL-MarinerTutorials/toolkit

# Clean our build environment
sudo make clean

> # Make an image

Reviewer 4: We talked earlier about the scenario where you just want to build the package but aren't interested to build a full custom image using the Mariner toolkit. What do you think about adding those instructions you directly sent me as well as an alternative option?

Author: They are currently in the "Build a Custom Kernel" but I can change the title to be more explicit to "Build a Custom Kernel RPM"

## Tutorial: Modify the Image Kernel

In some situations, you may want to build and test variations of the default CBL-Mariner kernel.  Because the `kernel` is also a package, the process is similar to adding a new package as discussed in the previous section.  

### Prep your Kernel SPEC Environment
The following assumes you have already completed the [Prepare your Environment](docs/getting_started/prepare_environment.md) steps. To begin creating a custom kernel, copy the contents of the CBL-Mariner `kernel` spec folder into your clone of the `CBL-MarinerTutorials` repo.

```bash
#
# The following assumes CBL-Mariner and CBL-MarinerTutorials were cloned under a folder named `git`
#

# Copy all the kernel contents to CBL-MarinerTutorials
user@machine:~/git$ cp -r CBL-Mariner/SPECS/kernel/ CBL-MarinerTutorials/SPECS/kernel/
#
# ---or---
#
# Copy only the kernel building components to CBL-MarinerTutorials

> user@machine:~/git$ rsync -a  --exclude 'CVE*' CBL-Mariner/SPECS/kernel CBL-MarinerTutorials/SPECS/ 

Reviewer 2: Thoughts on limiting the choices and prescribing one option during the tutorial?

```

> Next, you will need to download a source tarball from [CBL-Mariner-Linux-Kernel](https://github.com/microsoft/CBL-Mariner-Linux-Kernel). You should choose the tag which matches the kernel version in the `kernel.spec` file as shown below.

Reviewer 2: You may want to expand on the tag selection part. Or update the `CBL-Mariner-Linux-Kernel` docs to discuss what the tags mean and link to that doc here.

```bash
# Switch to the kernel folder
$ cd CBL-MarinerTutorials/SPECS/kernel/ 

# Determine the kernel version you are using (yours may vary)
$ grep Version: kernel.spec
Version:        5.15.102.1

# Download the associated tar.gz file from https://github.com/microsoft/CBL-Mariner-Linux-Kernel. Be sure to substitute your Mariner version and kernel version numbers.
$ wget -O kernel-5.15.102.1.tar.gz https://github.com/microsoft/CBL-Mariner-Linux-Kernel/archive/refs/tags/rolling-lts/mariner-2/5.15.102.1.tar.gz
```

Update the signature for the source. **This only is needed if you are using a different version than the original spec file.**

```bash
# Get the hash for the source tar
SOURCEHASH=$(sha256sum kernel-5.15.102.1.tar.gz | awk '{print $1}')

# Update the hash for the source tar in the signatures file
sed -i 's/    "kernel-5.15.102.1.tar.gz": .*/    "kernel-5.15.102.1.tar.gz": "'"$SOURCEHASH"'"/' kernel.signatures.json
```

### Customize a Kernel

> Once your environment is prepared and the sources are present, you can  make your modifications to the relevant config files.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once your environment is prepared and the sources are present, you can make your modifications to the relevant config files.  
```
nit

* For `x86_64`, modify the `config` file.  
* For `AARCH64`, modify the `config_aarch64` file.  

> Currently, the `CONFIG_BLK_WBT` setting is disabled by default. For this tutorial, you will enable it. Run the following command to set `CONFIG_BLK_WBT` or manually edit the `config` file. 

Reviewer 2: Same comment as before - should we just provide one way for the user to follow?

```bash
# Enable CONFIG_BLK_WBT
sed -i 's/# CONFIG_BLK_WBT is not set/CONFIG_BLK_WBT=y/' config
```

> Ensure your change is in config and saved. Next, update the signature for `config`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Ensure your change is in `config` and saved. Next, update the signature for `config`.
```

Reviewer 2: Also it may read better to put any "Next," transitions onto a new line instead of the tail end of a paragraph.

```bash
# Get the hash for the config file
CONFIGHASH=$(sha256sum config | awk '{print $1}')

# Update the hash for the config in the signatures file
sed -i 's/    "config": .*/    "config": "'"$CONFIGHASH"'",/' kernel.signatures.json
```

> When there is a conflict, the build system will make a best-effort attempt at prioritizing the local version of a package over the version on [packages.microsoft.com](http://packages.microsoft.com/).  However to ensure you can differentiate your new custom kernel from the default kernel and to guarantee the local version will be consumed, bump the release number in the kernel release spec. In this case, use your favorite editor and change the release number to 100 as shown below and save the file.

Reviewer 2: What happens when a newer version of the kernel gets published to packages.microsoft.com? Do our prioritization rules pick the latest version on PMC or the local bumped release number version?

```bash
# Get the hash for the source tar
SOURCEHASH=$(sha256sum kernel-5.15.102.1.tar.gz | awk '{print $1}')

# Update the hash for the source tar in the signatures file
sed -i 's/    "kernel-5.15.102.1.tar.gz": .*/    "kernel-5.15.102.1.tar.gz": "'"$SOURCEHASH"'"/' kernel.signatures.json
```

### Customize a Kernel

Once your environment is prepared and the sources are present, you can make your modifications to the relevant config files.  
* For `x86_64`, modify the `config` file.  
* For `AARCH64`, modify the `config_aarch64` file.  

Currently, the `CONFIG_BLK_WBT` setting is disabled by default. For this tutorial, you will enable it. Run the following command to set `CONFIG_BLK_WBT` in `config`. 

```bash
# Enable CONFIG_BLK_WBT
sed -i 's/# CONFIG_BLK_WBT is not set/CONFIG_BLK_WBT=y/' config
```

Confirm your change is in `config` and saved. 

Next, update the signature for `config`.

```bash
# Get the hash for the config file
CONFIGHASH=$(sha256sum config | awk '{print $1}')

# Update the hash for the config in the signatures file
sed -i 's/    "config": .*/    "config": "'"$CONFIGHASH"'",/' kernel.signatures.json
```

> To ensure you can differentiate your new custom kernel from the default kernel and to guarantee the local version will be consumed, bump the release number in the kernel release spec. Note that the build system should prioritize the local version of a package over the version on [packages.microsoft.com](http://packages.microsoft.com/). Any other behavior is likely a bug.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To ensure you can differentiate your new custom kernel from the default kernel and to guarantee the local version will be consumed, bump the release number in the kernel release spec. Note that the build system will prioritize the local version of a package over the version on [packages.microsoft.com](http://packages.microsoft.com/).
```
